the staff is fine if it will be well
specific to who is starting the
confrontation for some specific reason
It has to be opening his body.
to install some new component such as
Connecting the global team is the
next the staff here the point is a
model 1.1.1're ready actually just right
that with another controller is as follows
It would be the second version of the futon okay I
I will not get into the understanding of the then it 's just
The first step you take the apps is
they happy to accent the labels
where the front is suddenly stuck
on the bottom as you can see
already loosened the screws and that's what I
I will show you what the
products you need to drop
in my case I was going to have to
installed the team follow ball and returned
in other videos also in the description of the
video you will find more information
How to configure it is there at last
so the people are going to have to drop
four bolts here more internally
in each arm are watching here to
drop and I'll show you'll have to
use a key to encourage this one
here is an arm is another one here you
You can see I'm here
four
we have two more is that at each end in
each arm
just these two here are these folks here
not secure an engine the engine is fixed
no need then these two
here too with xavi there it is the same
type of screw that is here then are
three screws on each arm with the
lock're
and here at the tip you're going to have to take
A screw with the philips connection is a
very small fact
I'll show you how to give focus
here it will have to come out of precision
back missing it want anything
use knife buy equipment was from
that he is only with a knife will end
spoiling the screw on which to loosen
the more you are remembering in each arm I
I'm just going to drop an allen 23 allen and one
philips here is then a total of four
jewelry screws on each arm once
You or all the screws right?
as shown
You can open the funk here.
Easy is pretty easy if you do not one day
difficulty means that there is a lack of
screw take personal care because
here o
I'm really sorry, gps is that
is the gts the gps has the
hair very short and very delicate
london
here you can disconnect the
need controller is doing
to ride only makes other way right
It does not have much secret is a three
Apart from screws and does not use Focco
Need to use a knife when buying
two millimeters is in europe you
find these keys on anyone in
any hardware store there in
tools I played here with eight
and four reais and I used it
two used boys also need to
I commented, there are four in each arm in the
tips is in the video function gets very
over the idea of showing how
You do to open the body and yours.
photo to mount also in box
so in one he turns to tip him right
lol tightening the screws only ok
I hope you liked the tip of the
video that liked the jewel in the video and the
video description is putting links
there are other subjects related
to the background that may be of interest to you
I recommend watching everyone a good hug
so our channel short video and
until the next champions